does not wisdom crying out an
does not wisdom crying out an understanding lift up her voice she
understanding lift up her voice she
understanding lift up her voice she takes her stand on the top of the high
takes her stand on the top of the high
takes her stand on the top of the high hill beside the way where the paths meet
hill beside the way where the paths meet
hill beside the way where the paths meet she cries out by the gates at the entry
she cries out by the gates at the entry
she cries out by the gates at the entry of the city at the entrance of the doors
of the city at the entrance of the doors
of the city at the entrance of the doors to you o men I call and my voice is to
to you o men I call and my voice is to
to you o men I call and my voice is to the sons of men o you simple ones
the sons of men o you simple ones
the sons of men o you simple ones understand prudence and you fools be of
understand prudence and you fools be of
understand prudence and you fools be of an understanding heart listen for I will
an understanding heart listen for I will
an understanding heart listen for I will speak of excellent things and from the
speak of excellent things and from the
speak of excellent things and from the opening of my lips will come right
opening of my lips will come right
opening of my lips will come right things for my mouth will speak truth
things for my mouth will speak truth
things for my mouth will speak truth wickedness is an abomination to my lips
wickedness is an abomination to my lips
wickedness is an abomination to my lips all the words of my mouth are with
all the words of my mouth are with
all the words of my mouth are with righteousness nothing crooked or
righteousness nothing crooked or
righteousness nothing crooked or perverse is in them they are all plain
perverse is in them they are all plain
perverse is in them they are all plain to him who understands and right to
to him who understands and right to
to him who understands and right to those who find knowledge receive lie
those who find knowledge receive lie
those who find knowledge receive lie instruction and not silver and knowledge
instruction and not silver and knowledge
instruction and not silver and knowledge rather than choice gold for wisdom is
rather than choice gold for wisdom is
rather than choice gold for wisdom is better than rubies and all the things
better than rubies and all the things
better than rubies and all the things one may desire cannot be compared with
one may desire cannot be compared with
one may desire cannot be compared with her eye wisdom dwell with prudence and
her eye wisdom dwell with prudence and
her eye wisdom dwell with prudence and find out knowledge and discretion the
find out knowledge and discretion the
find out knowledge and discretion the fear of the Lord is to hate evil pride
fear of the Lord is to hate evil pride
fear of the Lord is to hate evil pride and arrogance and the evil way and the
and arrogance and the evil way and the
and arrogance and the evil way and the perverse mouth I hate
perverse mouth I hate
perverse mouth I hate council is mine and sound wisdom I am
council is mine and sound wisdom I am
council is mine and sound wisdom I am understanding I have strength by me
understanding I have strength by me
understanding I have strength by me Kings reign and rulers decree justice by
Kings reign and rulers decree justice by
Kings reign and rulers decree justice by me princes rule and nobles all the
me princes rule and nobles all the
me princes rule and nobles all the judges of the earth I love those who
judges of the earth I love those who
judges of the earth I love those who love me and those who seek me diligently
love me and those who seek me diligently
love me and those who seek me diligently will find me riches and honour are with
will find me riches and honour are with
will find me riches and honour are with me
me
me enduring riches and righteousness my
enduring riches and righteousness my
enduring riches and righteousness my fruit is better than gold yes than fine
fruit is better than gold yes than fine
fruit is better than gold yes than fine gold and my revenue then choice silver I
gold and my revenue then choice silver I
gold and my revenue then choice silver I Traverse the way of righteousness in the
Traverse the way of righteousness in the
Traverse the way of righteousness in the midst of the paths of justice that I may
midst of the paths of justice that I may
midst of the paths of justice that I may cause those who love me to inherit
cause those who love me to inherit
cause those who love me to inherit wealth that I may fill their Treasuries
the Lord possessed me at the beginning
the Lord possessed me at the beginning of his way before his works of old I
of his way before his works of old I
of his way before his works of old I have been established from everlasting
have been established from everlasting
have been established from everlasting from the beginning before there was ever
from the beginning before there was ever
from the beginning before there was ever an earth when there were no depths I was
an earth when there were no depths I was
an earth when there were no depths I was brought forth when there were no
brought forth when there were no
brought forth when there were no fountains abounding with water before
fountains abounding with water before
fountains abounding with water before the mountains were settled before the
the mountains were settled before the
the mountains were settled before the hills I was brought forth while as yet
hills I was brought forth while as yet
hills I was brought forth while as yet he had not made the earth or the fields
he had not made the earth or the fields
he had not made the earth or the fields or the primal dust of the world when he
or the primal dust of the world when he
or the primal dust of the world when he prepared the heavens I was there when he
prepared the heavens I was there when he
prepared the heavens I was there when he drew a circle on the face of the deep
drew a circle on the face of the deep
drew a circle on the face of the deep when he established the clouds above
when he established the clouds above
when he established the clouds above when he strengthened the Fountains of
when he strengthened the Fountains of
when he strengthened the Fountains of the deep when he assigned to the sea its
the deep when he assigned to the sea its
the deep when he assigned to the sea its limit so that the waters would not
limit so that the waters would not
limit so that the waters would not transgress his command when he marked
transgress his command when he marked
transgress his command when he marked out the foundations of the earth then I
out the foundations of the earth then I
out the foundations of the earth then I was beside him as a master craftsman and
was beside him as a master craftsman and
was beside him as a master craftsman and I was daily his delight rejoicing always
I was daily his delight rejoicing always
I was daily his delight rejoicing always before him rejoicing in his inhabited
before him rejoicing in his inhabited
before him rejoicing in his inhabited world and my delight was with the sons
world and my delight was with the sons
world and my delight was with the sons of men now therefore listen to me my
of men now therefore listen to me my
of men now therefore listen to me my children for blessed are those who keep
children for blessed are those who keep
children for blessed are those who keep my ways hear instruction and be wise and
my ways hear instruction and be wise and
my ways hear instruction and be wise and do not disdain it blessed is the man who
do not disdain it blessed is the man who
do not disdain it blessed is the man who listens to me watching daily at my gates
listens to me watching daily at my gates
listens to me watching daily at my gates waiting at the posts of my doors for
waiting at the posts of my doors for
waiting at the posts of my doors for whoever finds me finds life and obtains
whoever finds me finds life and obtains
whoever finds me finds life and obtains favor from the Lord but he who sins
favor from the Lord but he who sins
favor from the Lord but he who sins against me wrongs his own soul all those
against me wrongs his own soul all those
against me wrongs his own soul all those who hate me love death